It has nothing to do with you.
Doctor Zhao
Did I hear that you did the paternity test yourself?
I did it.
Then are you sure that girl is my daughter Song Qingyi?
OK
That son, Xiao Hui's body will be settled
What Mr. Su means is
Everyone has two bodies in their body
15 years ago, he had already taken a small gray body
I didn't expect him to survive 15 years later
And my son Xiaohui
He needed a second surgery.
He just showed up. You think it was God's will?
Mr. Su
Do you want to give Xiaohui his other kidney as well?
Then not
Can you help me find a more suitable abyss?
I remember it clearly.
You told me yourself 15 years ago
His kidneys and his gray kidneys
It's perfect.
But he is your biological daughter after all
It gave him a kidney, and he's still alive.
If you lose both kidneys
He really has no way out
Yeah, she's my biological daughter
I gave him everything
Including those two kidneys
I saved my son Xiaohui
I just want what I gave him back
I think that's too much.
This
Surrendered Dr. Zhao
After the event
You'll get it better than you did 15 years ago
All right, all right.
Then I can only feel wronged by Miss Su